Time to eat.
There's wine too.
Take a bowl.
Prepared especially for you.
Take your time eating and drinking.
There's meat and wine.
Could this be our last meal?
You can't have a last meal every time.
True.
Come on.
Drink up.
They aren't very
friendly to us.
Why?
There's dishes and wine,
but no rice.
Come, come, come.
We'll treat wine as our rice.
Cheers.
This Fan Sha'er really is quite a character.
He actually caused a stir all the way to Chengdu Prefecture.
His heroic deeds are spreading within Sichuan.
The common folk hail him as an Anti-Japanese Hero.
If he can be of use to me...
we can use the banner of the Anti-Japanese Hero
to recruit soldiers and build our forces.
Those wealthy merchants and bosses,
won't they be lining up to send me money?
However,
he is currently locked up in
the prison in Chengdu Prefecture.
The Japanese won't let him off.
Just don't know how General Liu will handle it.
He dared to kill those Japanese bastards.
He is a hero.
This Lucky General...
I'm determined to have him.
Understood.
Commander Liao, please go back.
General Liu is critically ill.
He won't see anyone.
Kill.
Kill! Kill!
Kill him tomorrow!
Whoever dares plead for his release in front of me,
I won't let them off!
General Liu,
public outrage is huge right now.
I'm afraid if we execute him,
we won't be able to control the fallout.
Quelling the riots is the priority.
Take the troops, the police...
if you're short on hands,
there are also the prison guards.
Call them all out.
Assemble all forces.
Go to the streets tomorrow
to suppress the unruly rioters.
Thank you for your instructions, General Liu.
It seems Commander Liao is determined to get him.
Are you so sure Commander Liao will act to save him?
Securing Fan Sha'er
is equivalent to winning the hearts of the people.
Then we can conscript soldiers and collect taxes,
and accept support from merchants.
Such a good deal,
Commander Liao has no reason not to do it.
Besides, General Liu
has always advocated resistance against Japan.
Arresting Fan Sha'er now
is like poking a hornet's nest.
It's a bit tricky.
The higher-ups...
since they dare not openly protect him,
then...
we will openly snatch him.
Could it be...
it's General Zhang's will?
Guessing my thoughts is one thing,
but General Zhang
is beyond your reach.
I wouldn't dare.
Make the most of this.
Fan Sha'er has no way out.
It's the best opportunity to win him over.
The key dropped.
We're rushing out on a mission.
You lot, behave yourselves.
Take care.
Let's go, out on duty.
Go deal with...
those troublemakers on the street.
Let's go.
You guys wait for me here.
We must get Big Brother Fan out.
Don't worry.
First Brother.
It's too dangerous.
I'll go with you.
We can look out for each other.
No need.
You have a more important mission.
Protect Sister-in-law.
Alright.
Get ready to move.
Beat them to death for me.
Sister-in-law, I'm going.
Be careful.
Stay safe.
Scarface, believe it or not...
with just one finger...
I can unlock this.
I don't believe it.
You don't?
Then pick up the key and open it.
Is that what you mean?
Big Brother.
How did you get out? Let's go.
Why did you bring so many people?
I don't know them.
Boss Fan.
Young Master Huo.
I'm here to take your life.
You trying to play games with me?
I...
Watch me beat the life out of you.
Dare to intercept my goods.
Your goods?
Don't make a move!
If you do, we all die!
Don't be afraid, Brother.
I'll protect you.
Protect you?
I said let go!
It's you.
Let's go.
Take you to see Commander Liao.
Commander Liao?
Let's go.
Go.
Stop.
Hide!
Quick!
Another group is coming.
Prepare for battle.
Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
Sister-in-law.
Don't you move.
Who is it?
It's me, Xuanjizi.
It's you?
Last time you kept telling me to go west.
And I ended up here.
That's your problem.
I calculated the best rescue time was Midnight.
How come someone beat me to it at the Hour of the Pig?
When have your calculations ever been right?
Go, go, go. Follow me.
Listen to you again?
Let's go.
Go. Let's get out first.
We travel for another two days.
We'll be safe once we reach Division Commander Wei's territory.
Division Commander Wei?
To tell you the truth,
I am Division Commander Wei's staff officer.
My mission
is to help him recruit heroes from all over.
When we parted ways last time,
didn't I give you a Tiger-Head Token?
And told you to keep going west?
Actually, I wanted you to join Division Commander Wei.
That Brotherhood of yours,
although you do chivalrous deeds,
they still consider you a bandit.
The only end for a bandit is to be wiped out.
If you join Division Commander Wei,
you can still do what you want to do.
Once you put on the uniform,
you become a righteous army.
What exactly does that Tiger-Head Token mean?
That's the token agreed upon between the Commander and me.
It's the design of the tattoo on his body.
Did you hear that?
Tattoo design.
Wearing a uniform.
It's this guy named Wei.
But Pockmarked Tiger
didn't say his surname was Wei.
I know another guy named Wei.
Tattooed, and also wears a uniform.
What do you mean?
Don't be impulsive.
We killed people.
And we killed Japanese people.
Everyone is praising us as heroes, right?
What are you afraid of?
Heroes...
that's just talk.
The Japanese
definitely want our heads.
And that Young Master Huo,
has been stirring up trouble.
Right now, we
must find a safe place to settle.
What about Pockmarked Tiger's revenge?
Even if Division Commander Wei is Pockmarked Tiger's enemy,
we should go check out the situation.
Don't worry.
You promised Pockmarked Tiger,
and I promised her too.
Alright, I believe you.
I'll go meet this Division Commander Wei.
Last night,
a riot broke out in the prison.
The two murderers who killed your envoys
met a violent end.
A life for a life.
Let us pursue this matter no further.
General Liu,
settling it this way
is a bit too hasty, isn't it?
We, the Japanese side, have the right to investigate.
Mr. Tanaka,
don't be in such a hurry.
I haven't finished speaking yet.
Sit. Sit, sit, sit.
One.
Our government will pay the Japanese side
compensation in Chinese currency:
98,871 yuan and 1 jiao.
Two.
To the families of the victims,
we express our deepest condolences.
Three.
Garrison Commander Jiang Shangpu
and Police Chief Fan Zhongwu
are dismissed for negligence.
Four.
I, on behalf of the government,
express to your government
our most sincere apologies.
This...
it was just an unexpected incident.
If we let this situation escalate,
it won't be good for either of us.
General Liu,
we shall meet again.
Once I've reclaimed our lost lands,
I will certainly invite you over, Mr. Tanaka.
Please, come inside.
Okay.
You guys wait here a moment.
I'll go report to the Division Commander.
Brother, it's quite impressive.
Indeed.
So what if it's impressive?
There's hardly anyone here.
It's all show.
And he's a Division Commander?
Doesn't seem like much to me.
I...
You guys wait here first.
I'm going to relieve myself.
Cheapskate.
Wei San!
Brother!
You're a soldier here?
Why... why are you here?
Me?
Your Division Commander invited me.
Not bad, not bad.
Come with me, quick.
I'll introduce the Division Commander to you.
How about this,
let me go put on my clothes first.
What clothes?
The Division Commander won't wait.
Let's go, now.
Salute!
Look, your Division Commander values me so much.
Let me introduce everyone.
This is my sworn brother, Wei San.
Brother Wei, Brother Wei.
Good, good, good.
Hasn't Xuanjizi brought the Division Commander out yet?
No.
Follow me.
I can find the way.
Let's go.
Go.
Double time!
Salute!
Hello, sir!
Hello, everyone.
Thank you for your service, sir!
Thank you all for yours.
Left face! Right face!
The Commander will now speak.
I won't speak. I won't speak.
I don't even know them.
Just say a few words.
Come on. Please, please.
Alright.
My name is Fan Pengju.
They all call me Sha'er.
I may be simple-minded,
but I'm lucky.
Enough about me.
Let's talk about my brother.
I've bathed with him.
We're sworn brothers.
He...
pretended to be a pig,
imitated a cuckoo,
and even hid in my slop bucket.
Come, come. Come up here.
Okay, okay.
With his strong will,
he evaded the pursuers.
He is a hero who can adapt to anything.
He deserves an important position.
Hello, Division Commander!
As for Division Commander...
I can't handle such a high rank.
But a Company or Battalion Commander would do.
Division Commander.
This is the Lucky General I found for you.
Division Commander...
Wei San... Division Commander Wei.
Hello, Division Commander.
What a coincidence indeed.
Greetings, soldiers!
Hello, Division Commander!
My adjutant betrayed me,
causing our army to suffer heavy losses.
When I was in distress,
it was my sworn brother who came to my aid,
and saved my life.
My sworn brother...
is the hero who killed the Japanese with his own hands.
Today, he joins our army.
I now announce...
the appointment of Fan Pengju...
as Colonel of our army.
From now on,
our army will be even stronger,
and invincible!
Hello, Colonel Fan!
You saved my life.
From now on, entrust your life to me.
I will protect it.
My troops...
are your trump card,
and your strong backing.
Because...
we are life-and-death brothers.
You stepped on my foot.
Right.
Good, good.
Especially seeing my sworn brother in this uniform,
looking so heroic.
You really look like a Colonel.
Come, sit, sit.
I never expected...
that the Lucky General I found...
would be the Division Commander's sworn brother.
Division Commander,
I completed this mission pretty well, didn't I?
I should be heavily rewarded.
Thank you, Division Commander.
To help the Division Commander recruit heroes,
and give Colonel Fan a place to show his talents,
is my, Xuanjizi's, wish.
Come.
I propose a toast to you both.
Division Commander Wei, I toast to you.
For the poor hospitality back in Qionglai Town,
please forgive me.
I remember now.
My sworn brother is truly lucky.
To have such a supportive wife.
Speaking of Qionglai,
this Qiong liquor...
comes from your place, doesn't it?
Come, come.
Um,
inside the military camp,
can we raise children?
Raise children?
Of course you can.
This place is your home now.
You two can have as many as you want.
Division Commander Wei,
let me toast you.
Thank you for taking us in.
We're all brothers here.
No need for such formalities.
So, Division Commander Wei,
do you remember Pockmarked Tiger?
She was our local...
biggest bandit ringleader.
She killed countless people
and committed all sorts of crimes.
A woman like that...
you did well to kill her.
Pockmarked Tiger was a woman?
Back then, to keep the peace,
it was I...
who sent her into the bandit's den.
Tell me,
did I do the right thing?
Yes.
Great job.
Bandits commit many crimes,
they deserve to die.
For this, I must thank my sworn brother.
Killing Pockmarked Tiger
removed a thorn in my side.
Let's have a drink together.
No, no, no.
Brothers, let's toast our Division Commander together.
Alright, come on.
All together.
Cheers.
First Brother, drink up.
Under someone else's roof,
we absolutely cannot make a move.
I promised Pockmarked Tiger.
Even if we succeed,
none of us will escape.
Everyone is drinking.
What are you two whispering about?
Come over and drink, hurry.
Alright, alright.
Although we are sworn brothers,
the military camp has its rules.
If my sworn brother makes a mistake,
and deserves a beating,
I will still have to beat him.
Good.
The Division Commander means,
if the Division Commander makes a mistake,
and we should spank his bottom,
we still have to spank his bottom.
Come, come on.
Cheers.
Let me wash your face for you.
No need.
Then let me wash your feet with hot water.
During this time,
you've been working very hard too.
Go back to your own room and rest.
Do you still think this is your turf?
Would they prepare so many rooms for us?
This is our room.
Fine.
You stay here.
I'll go squeeze in with First Brother and the others.
Everyone knows I am your wife.
Only you don't treat me as a wife.
You married me with a proper wedding ceremony.
Right now,
Yu Zhen is pregnant with my child,
all alone,
wandering out there.
I'm not in the mood.
Sister Yu Zhen leaving
was her own choice.
I chose to follow you through life and death.
I know you're good to me.
Everything...
let's wait until we find Yu Zhen.
You failed the mission this time.
This is already the lightest military punishment.
I'd rather be beaten with a military club.
Do you think you have a choice?
I am the dignified Young Master Huo.
Commander Chen wants you to know
that you are no longer some "Young Master".
Military rules are not a joke.
Commander Chen even kept your position as Staff Officer.
You should be content.
Eat up.
Are you really not going to training?
It's too intense.
Can't handle it.
We're up mountains and down rivers all day.
Do bodies like ours need training?
It's alright.
I'll only believe that
if they really call us to fight.
Brother Fan! Brother Fan!
Why did you run over here?
We saw this.
And saw this.
We weren't sure if this was you.
So we wanted to come take a look.
And we actually found you.
Brother, look.
They're all here because of your fame.
You're a big hero now.
Is that so?
The recruitment drive went well this time.
It was very effective.
I've lived up to your trust, haven't I?
The Nanjing Government reached out to me.
They even wired a check.
Asking me to attack Commander Liao's forces.
How much did they give?
A considerable sum.
Didn't they call for a ceasefire before?
Why are they asking for a fight now?
The fighting did stop.
But the disobedient remain disobedient.
And those who don't pay taxes still don't.
The higher-ups are furious.
They want to make an example of Commander Liao.
So, Division Commander,
do you think we should fight this battle,
or not?
They promised that if I send troops,
I'll be incorporated into the Central Army.
Behind Liao and Chen,
stand General Liu and General Zhang.
I'm just an unorthodox outsider.
I've had enough of being squeezed in the middle.
Since Colonel Fan joined us,
our forces have grown stronger.
We've collected plenty of money and grain.
But even if we upgrade our equipment
and step up our training now,
attacking Commander Liao's forces
might still be a risky move.
No one said it has to be a sure win.
Division Commander, for a risky battle,
how should we fight it?
Why don't you all speak up?
Any good suggestions?
Who is the right person to go?
This is a great chance to earn merit.
I really want to go.
But we've followed Division Commander Wei for years.
We've dealt with Commander Liao's troops
on the battlefield many times.
His forces are too familiar with our tactics.
It's hard to catch them by surprise.
The newly arrived Colonel Fan,
to Commander Liao's forces,
is a complete mystery.
He's known as a rare Lucky General.
He joined us as an equal right away,
so he must have exceptional abilities.
Colonel Fan just arrived.
Regarding many military matters,
he needs time to get up to speed.
We can't afford to be slow.
The battlefield is ever-changing.
Victory or defeat is decided in an instant.
If we're slow, the chance will slip away.
Colonel Fan used to lead a bandit gang.
He counts as a commander of sorts.
He's just changed his uniform now.
I trust Colonel Fan won't be rusty.
This is Colonel Fan's first military operation
since joining our army.
If I were Colonel Fan,
I wouldn't wait for Division Commander Wei's order.
I would have volunteered long ago.
It's rare for you Colonels to be so in sync.
What do you mean?
Do you have a problem with Colonel Fan?
He is my sworn brother.
The Colonel I personally appointed.
Having a problem with him
is having a problem with me.
I am willing to lead the troops.
Colonel Fan.
This won't be an easy battle.
You haven't even
organized your own troops yet.
My sworn brother is truly upright.
At a critical moment,
you stand by me.
Good.